{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21100\viewh14400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The expression "SPX 3M 25DP Vol - SPX 3M 25DC Vol" refers to a volatility spread measurement in the options market related to the S&P 500 index (SPX). Here's a breakdown of the components:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SPX
\f0\b0 : Standard & Poor's 500 Index, a stock market index that measures the stock performance of 500 large companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 3M
\f0\b0 : Stands for three months, indicating the time to expiration of the options being considered.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 25DP Vol
\f0\b0 : Refers to the implied volatility of 25 delta put options. Delta is a measure of how much an option's price is expected to move per one point move in the underlying asset. A 25 delta option is out-of-the-money; for puts, this means the strike price is below the current price of the underlying asset. Implied volatility is a market-based estimate of future volatility or the likelihood of reaching a specific price point.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 25DC Vol
\f0\b0 : Refers to the implied volatility of 25 delta call options. Similarly, for calls, a 25 delta option is out-of-the-money, meaning the strike price is above the current price of the underlying.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The expression "SPX 3M 25DP Vol - SPX 3M 25DC Vol" is calculating the difference in implied volatility between out-of-the-money put options and out-of-the-money call options for the S&P 500 index with a three-month expiration. This difference can be a measure of market sentiment or skew:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A positive value indicates higher implied volatility for puts than calls, suggesting a bearish market sentiment or fear of downside risk.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A negative value indicates higher implied volatility for calls than puts, suggesting a bullish market sentiment or expectation of upside movement.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This kind of measurement is often used by traders and analysts to gauge the market's expectations of future volatility and potential price direction bias.\
}